Astro CLI 1.8.3 release notes (#1563)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/release-notes.md

If you have any questions or a bug to report, contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).

## Astro CLI 1.8.3

Release date: November 28, 2022

### Additional improvements

> - Improved the `astro login` command's error handling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved error handling for `astro login`.
```

> - Minor performance improvements for the `astro run` command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added minor performance improvements to `astro run`
```

### Bug fixes

> - Fixed an issue where `astro run` would show an error indicating that the Airflow settings file was missing when it did exist. This was only an issue while Airflow was running. If you were having this issue upgrade the CLI and restart your Airflow environment with `astro dev restart`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where `astro run` could not locate `airflow_settings.yaml` when running a local Airflow environment. 
```

> - Fixed an issue were the settings file created by `astro dev object export` was not compatible with the `astro run` command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue were the Airflow settings file created by `astro dev object export` was not compatible with `astro run`.
```
